fix(#2553) : AsyncSequence.asObservable() runs on background thread (#2662)
ReactiveX/RxSwift: CHANGELOG.md

* Provides `Infallible` versions of `combineLatest` without `resultSelector` requirement.
* Provides `Infallible` versions of `CombineLatest+Collection` helpers.
* Explicitly declare `APPLICATION_EXTENSION_API_ONLY` for CocoaPods 

> * Ensure `AsyncSequence.asObservable()` runs on background thread using `Task.detached`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new parameter `detached: Bool = false` to the `AsyncSequence.asObservable` function to allow iterating over the `AsyncSequence` on a background thread. 
```

Author: thanks!
